#labels Featured
==version 0.9.5==
 # iTunes style table officially introduced via {{{ITunesTableUI delegate.
 # {{{UnifiedToolBar}}}, {{{BottomBar}}} and {{{PreferencesTabBar}}} now have top level classes (Issue 72).
 # {{{SourceList}}} no longer auto-expands all nodes (Issue 64).
 # {{{PreferencesTabBar}}} now renders a unified tool bar area on JDK 6 (Issue 62).
 # {{{SourceList}}} node selection no longer follows clicks to expand a different node (Issue 67).
 # Sort icons now show up when using Glazed Lists (Issue 71).
 # {{{HudComboBoxUI}}} now shows the correct selection after programmatically setting the selected index (Issue 70).
 # {{{SourceListControlBar}}} now respects minimum and maximum preferred sizes (Issue 73).
 # {{{HudComboBoxUI}}}'s arrows are now centered correctly when the button grows tall (Issue 79).
 # {{{TriAreaComponent.addComponentToRight}}} now adds the correct amount of space between components (Issue 89).
 # Introduced HUD style radio button via {{{HudRadioButtonUI}}} delegate (Issue 90).
 # {{{HudWindow}}}s are now transparent on Windows (Issue 35).
 # {{{HudWindow}}}s can now have their close button hidden (Issue 95).
 # {{{SourceListTreeUI}}} now supports run-time swapping (calls to updateUI work properly) (Issue 80).
 # iTunes table does not honor enabled/disabled state (Issue 86).
 # {{{SourceListItems}}} now automatically trigger a repaint when their data changes (e.g. counter value updated) (Issue 13).
==version 0.9.4==
 # Unified toolbar now renders correctly on Mac's JDK 6 as well as non Mac platforms (Issue 24).
 # {{{SourceListContextMenuProvider}}} is now being called correctly on Windows (Issue 32).
 # {{{SourceListTreeUI}}} now repaints itself when it's parent window's focus state changes (Issue 34).
 # {{{IAppScrollPane}}} now paints correctly when the focus state of the parent window changes (Issue 26).
 # {{{SourceList}}} now automatically expands newly added categories and items (Issue 46).
 # {{{IAppScrollBarUI}}} now better integrates into Swing's UI delegate architecture (Issue 37).
 # {{{IAppScrollBarUI}}} now correctly paints the scroll buttons as unfocused when the parent window loses focus (Issue 47).
 # {{{SourceListCategory}}} and {{{SourceListItem}}} now allow iteration over their children (Issue 20).
 # Demos work on all platforms now (Issue 33).
 # Added a System_Requirements wiki page (Issue 4).
 # {{{SourceList}}}s can now have their colors customized via {{{SourceListColorScheme}}} (Issue 31).
 # {{{SourceList}}} disclosure triangles now render as white when the corresponding category is selected (Issue 53).
 # {{{SourceListCountBadgeRenderer}}} now correctly centers badge text (Issue 56).
 # {{{SourceList}}} now exposes the necessary methods to implement drag and drop (Issue 50).
 # {{{LabeledComponentGroup}}} now offers a list-based constructor (Issue 58).
 # Introduced HUD style UI delegates (Issue 43).
==version 0.9.3==
 # iApp style scroll bars
 # {{{ImageButton}}} added which allows for buttons with non-rectangular hot-spots to be created from images
 # {{{SourceList}}} selected item not repainting properly on focus change fixed
 # {{{SourceList}}} doesn't automatically expand root node if items are added to the model after it has been made visible
 # {{{SourceListContextMenuProvider}}} introduced which allows developers to easily add custom context menus
 # {{{SourceListClickListener}}} introduced which allows developers to listen for multiple clicks on a {{{SourceList}}} item
 # {{{SourceList}}} was ignoring the requested insertion index into the {{{SourceList}}} after the {{{SourceListModel}}} had been installed
 # Removed setVisible(true) call from {{{HUDWindow}}} constructor
==version 0.9.2==
 # Heads Up Display (HUD)
 # Works with JGoodies Forms 1.2.1
 # Dependency on SwingX removed, thus reducing the size from 1.4 MB to 250 KB
 # {{{SourceListTreeUI}}} has been factored out of {{{SourceList}}} so that you can apply this UI delegate to any JTree
 # {{{EmphasizedLabelUI}}} now has Javadoc.
==version 0.9.1==
  # Unified Tool Bar
  # Bottom Bar
  # Java 6 compatibility on the Mac
  # Fixed {{{UnifiedToolBarButtonUI}}} disabled button masking
  # Added EXTRA_SMALL {{{BottomBarSize}}} (as seen in Safari's status bar)
==version 0.9.0 (initial release)==
  # {{{Source List}}}